All right let's keep going with new types.
Another one I want to show you is a very useful one called interface and interface can be used really
really well with objects.
Let's have a look.
I can say interface robot army and this robot army and you see the capitol letter here is just a standard
with an interface that we have capital start to our names and let's just say that the count is number
the type is string and let's say magic is string.
So robot army has three properties so that now if I'm using this this robot army let's say I have a
left fight robot army function and this function has let's say robots parameter that are receives.
That takes robots that have of type robot army.
So interface robot army
and here will just say canceled or log.
Now what did I just do here.
This makes sure that this robot's parameter that I'm receiving is going to have a count a type and a
magic property.
Otherwise it's kind of throw an error and you might be thinking to yourself This might be useful for
react and props and you'd be right.
As you will see later on.
So that above is the exact same thing as saying.
Let me just copy this.
That's the exact same as saying that we want the robots to have a count
of all count of number
a type of string and a magic value of also type string.
So let's make that a little bit smaller.
That's what we're doing up here except with an interface it allows you to have objects like this that
create a new interface that allows us to make sure that certain objects have certain properties so if
I safe here
see I get a bit of an error let's see what it's here.
Completion completion Oh and I have an error here because I'm using the same variable slots two here
and there you go.
Everything is working.
So interfaces are extremely extremely useful.
It's kind of like we're creating a new type here right.
I mean Tiger doesn't have a robot army type but we're creating it.
We're creating an interface that says hey from now on this robot army can act as a type that has these
parameters that we've set for it which is very very cool very flexible and that's why interfaces are
used a lot.
Now in re-act applications you're going to see interfaces a lot and you might also see this other way
of using this type keyword which also works.
If I save your if I save this and I have to give it an equal over here.
Everything still works.
Now there is one difference between interfaces and type and I know the name gets confusing between the
property that I just said.
But don't worry they're different.
The one difference is that interfaces create a new name that we can use everywhere such as the robots
army type aliases as we'd like to call it.
Don't create a new name
and it has a few other features that you can read about.
I always recommend using interfaces because it's a cleaner syntax and a better error output.
All right.
That's it for interfaces.
Let's save and make sure that our errors are completely gone and I'll see you in the next video.
But by.